are you okay i stalled it
all right good to help I'd like to hard
I gotta see that because I'm for sure Oh
see you way back oh god oh god does this
mean for what they're for fun part I'm
good I'm good oh damn oh no oh the
connection Papa direction pop the hood
yeah where's that uh wow you're not
right we broke it I am there you go yeah
iron man for real all right all right
let's try this bunch oh oh god here we
get don't kill us
Mike are you kidding me oh I'm trying to
hold on you're killing us here oh dear
don't I'm trying tape okay mrs. suit
well I way let me give a briefing ok
this is what it was today just like
yesterday no today is the third sir
March now it's after midnight then we're
robbing infield
Oh
I can't even see I can't I can't see him
that was fucking awesome where are they
no you find out tomorrow Heather I can't
I do fogged up or something this is bad
it's good ok hey series yeah that was
fucking sister you almost all this all
right it's Justin's punch it
good yeah we gotta charge the break Lara
well that's far that's normal that means
punch it
30 company
that was bad that was bad I never ate
their ancient the man right holy shit
the charge like the brake line it's been
three yeah okay my next broken about the
charlie shit alright i guess if I
fucking hit on something metal how
alright bro down the window can I can't
stop the door
that was that a little too hard no they
just said you take it too easy my
fucking baby too easy
yeah that kind of hurt